Let's write some more Web Assembly,
for this one without cheating,
you can cheat if you want.
I mean, I'm not your dad, or your teacher,
wait, I am your teacher don't cheat.
But if you want it to, or if you need
a shortcut, you can click here but
create a minus 1 function that takes
a 32 bit integer and subtracts 1.
So all the nodding when I was saying,
yeah, we get the stack and all that.
Let's see if you really do get it,
so I'll give you 5 minutes on that.
And the thing to note,
remember if we're subtracting 1,
we can just use a constant and
we can declare i32.const that 1.
Okay, so again, I really encourage
you to write this by hand and
not copy paste and skip ahead.
It will resonate deeper
when you do it yourself.